I saw Rafi today.  I was working with Phil on a few things, but we didn't end up finishing.  He was called away on another project.
We ran into max when we were wandering towards a K-mart (rafi and I).  Max said if I move to DC and start working on satellites, that I should
try to find a house in virginia or maryland.  That DC was essentially all slums.  

I must remember this if I am able to move.  Nasir was actually nice to me when we spoke on the phone.  It's the first time he hasn't treated me like
shit.  Which felt good.  I guess he just really wants it all to work out.  Most students are a disappointment.  Maybe he understands poor.  
He probably doesn't understand hurt feelings.  But he definitely understands poor.  

It'd be cool to work on something for a month.  Then I could move to DC.  I'd leave after a year and a half, no matter what.  I have to say, working
on satellites would be cool.  Maybe I'd stay for a few years.  Get lots of experience.  Learn a ton from the team.  But everything else.

I don't think I want to stay there.  The place is just dead inside.  It's not a city people move to for a long time.  It's a place people move to for 
a little while.  I guess I'm tired of having to earn a place at the table.  I've done so much already.  I've worked so hard.  And I've already come so far.

I guess I keep what I kill here.  But now it's time to move off to something else.  To move to another way or another place, another job.  Whatever,
I'll find it.  I just have to keep trying.  I do feel better than I have.  The interview didn't go well today.  They asked me a bunch of perl questions,
over the phone.  That is riddiculous.  Technical questions should not be over the phone.  

I have professor on my resume.  That means I'm smart enough.  I'm sorry but if you think I should be treated like a junior engineer, you are wrong.
Yea, I think even if they get back to me and say they want to move forward, I'll decline.  It doesn't sound like a cool place to work.  It seems like 
a boring place.


